icfbudapest.org main page
Welcome to the International Christian Fellowship of Budapest. We are a community of university students and young professionals from many different nationalities and backgrounds who come together in the name of Jesus for worship, prayer, study, and service, as well as to encourage each other. Come join us for our main meeting which takes place on Friday nights from 6pm till 8pm.

CTA: Come join us for our main meeting which takes place on Friday nights from 6 PM till 8:30 PM.

About Us	

Welcome to the International Christian Fellowship of Budapest. We are a community of university students and young professionals from many different nationalities and backgrounds who come together in the name of Jesus for worship, prayer, study, and service, as well as to encourage each other. Come join us for our main meeting which takes place on Friday nights from 6pm till 8pm. Click here to see the maps and directions.

The Purpose of our Christian Fellowhip is to provide a nurturing environment for those who follow Jesus, or seek to know Him. We desire to serve, grow and challenge each other in our growth in love for God, God's Word, and God's people. It was recognised that there are many students and other young people in Budapest who would appreciate an English language Christian community. This community is not affiliated to any of the International churches in Budapest but it is a part of the Hungarian Fellowship of Evangelical Christian Students movement (MEKDSZ) , which itself is a part of the broader IFES family.

Doctrinal Statement
We believe in God, the Father Almighty,
the Creator of heaven and earth,
and in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord:
Who was conceived of the Holy Spirit,
born of the Virgin Mary,
suffered under Pontius Pilate,
was crucified, died, and was buried.
He descended into hell.
The third day He arose again from the dead.
He ascended into heaven
and sits at the right hand of God the Father Almighty,
whence He shall come to judge the living and the dead.
We believe in the Holy Spirit, the holy *catholic church,
the communion of saints,
the forgiveness of sins,
the resurrection of the body,
and life everlasting.
Amen.

The Apostle's Creed
*The word "catholic" refers not to the Roman Catholic Church, but to the Christian Church as a whole.

Our Activities	

We are a community of university students and young professionals from many different nationalities and backgrounds who come together in the name of Jesus for worship, prayer, study, and service, as well as to encourage each other. Come join us for our main meeting which takes place on Friday nights from 6pm till 8pm. Click here to see the maps and directions.

Come and enjoy the fellowship of men every Wednesday from 7 till 9pm at Viktor Yevpak's apartment. It is a good time to encourage and build each other in faith, as well as help to face and tackle the struggles we men encounter every day. The conversations are hard and deep but they bring about stronger relationships with each other and with the Lord. 

"We don't get to wait to offer our lives until we have our acts together.  We don't get that luxury.  If we did, would anyone ever feel like offering anything?  God asks us to be vulnerable.  He invites us to share and give in our weaknesses.  He wants us to offer the beauty that he has given us even when we are keenly aware that it is not all that we wish we were.  He wants us to trust him."  From Captivating (a book studied at Ladies' Tea last year).
How can we challenge each other as women? At Ladies' tea, we gather for a time of fellowship, discussion, sharing, and prayer together, seeking to grow together in faith and trust.  Usually, the time begins with informal sharing about our weeks, then moves to biblestudy, sharing, and prayer together.  Above all, this time is meant to provide an intimate time of sharing together about our daily lives, struggles, and dreams, providing a safe space for all to grow together in the joy of faith of God. 

Meeting Place	
We meet every Friday evening at 6:00pm at Forum (Krúdy Gyula utca 14.). if you'd like to join us, please send us an email and we will give you the exact directions. We look forward to meeting you!

Where and when do you meet?
The main meeting is on Friday evenings from 6pm-8pm, after which we normally head to the Rezkigyo Coffee House run by YWAM (Paulay Ede utca 15). Please keep checking in to this website or sign up for the newsletter to find out about other meetings or social events which may be organised. 

Do you subscribe to any particular denomination?
We welcome people of faith from all Christian traditions as well as those who have a desire or interest in wanting to learn more of what being a follower of Jesus Christ is all about...so whether you're a Catholic from Africa or Slovenia, an Orthodox from Ukraine or Greece, Protestants...Reformed to Charismatic, or anywhere in between...At this fellowship everyone is welcomed.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Where and when do you meet?
The main meeting is on Friday evenings from 6pm-8pm, after we stay together and hang out. 
Please keep checking in to this website or sign up for the newsletter to find out about other meetings or social events which may be organised. Click here to see more info and directions.
 
Do you subscribe to any particular denomination?
We welcome people of faith from all Christian traditions as well as those who have a desire or interest in wanting to learn more of what being a follower of Jesus Christ is all about...so whether you're a Catholic from Africa or Slovenia, an Orthodox from Ukraine or Greece, Protestants...Reformed to Charismatic, or anywhere in between...At this fellowship everyone is welcomed.
 
Which language is used in the meetings?
All meetings are held in English but as there are a wide variety of nationalities there may be a possibility of a translator. Please contact us for further information.
 
I would not really describe myself as young professional or student. Does this matter?
Though the majority of the group will be in this category there is absolutely no upper age limit and we would welcome the wisdom and experience of anyone who wishes to join us.

Events - Calendar

Gallery
